<h1>E1: UI Basics Technical Essay</h1>
<br>
<h2>BH1:</h2>
<p>For BrowserHistory1, it took a total of about two hours to complete within time. During this WOD, I relearned how to add hyperlinks and images on a webpage. I also learned how to screen record properly, since I was having trouble with that in the beginning. My advice for Mac users screen recording with QuickTime Player, is to restart your computer or quit all apps. My laptop would heat up very quickly when I had miscellaneous apps open in the background. Another advice is to practice the WODs before screen recording, because there may be some troubles you run into, which will be stressful to deal with if your computer is heating up from the screen record. Overall, this WOD helped me review things I learned in ICS 101. It was helpful because I had forgotten how to do some of the required steps.</p>
<br>
<h2>BH2:</h2>
<p>For BrowserHistory2, I tried about three attempts. First I did a practice, then I watched the answer video. During the practice, I struggled with aligning the images with the text. After watching the video tutorial, I was able to learn how to successfully wrap words around the image. I learned here that “float” is used for wrapping texts around the item that is being floated. During my three attempts, I ran into issues related to screen recording. Here, I learned that closing all apps would be the easiest way to get around the screen recording issue.</p>
<br>
<h2>BH3:</h2>
<p>For BrowserHistory3, I attempted three times, which took me a total of about three hours to complete. I used up about 30 minutes preparing myself for the attempts. Then, I ran into an issue, where my right column (explanation on Firefox) would not align with the other two columns. The video did not explain how to fix this issue, so I tried Dr. Johnson’s method of inspecting the site. After about an hour and a half of messing around with the code on inspect → element, I was able to figure out that “position: absolute;” would fix my issue. After figuring out the issue, I was able to complete my attempts in about 8 minutes each. I retried multiple times because I forgot to add the “navbar”. For anyone that faces similar issues of not being able to figure out what is messing with your format, I recommend messing around with the inspect → element tool on your web page. Another advice regarding this issue is to look through properties. That way you can pick out a few properties that may be affecting your format. You can then test those on inspect → styles.</p>
