---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E3: Preparing for WODs Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-09-09
published: true
labels:
  - MIS
  - E3
  - WOD
---
<br>
<p>WOD 6: Invoice 1, was an assignment that incorporated JavaScript to an invoice. Something that went well for me while working on this WOD was using RegEx. This helped me complete my WOD faster, since I didn’t have to manually change all of the item, extended_price, etc. numbers. Something that I stumbled on was forgetting to use the script tags. I would forget to use script tags and sometimes use style tags on accident. This slowed me down because the JavaScript did not execute properly without the script tags. </p>
<p>To prepare for this WOD, I first skimmed the instructions to look for things that I did not know how to do. Then, I watched the solution screencast, and lastly I attempted the WOD without recording. For my practice attempt, I timed about 40 minutes to complete because I kept forgetting to put JavaScript parts inside script tags. I also manually changed parts that could have been RegEx-ed. Though it took me quite some time to complete my practice run, I believe doing this allowed me to work smoother on the screen recorded version. I’ve been using this method of completing WODs since the third WOD, and I believe it works well for me, because the practice run prevents my laptop from heating up. I did not do anything differently than usual to prepare for this WOD. </p>
<p>I think something that could have helped me complete the WOD faster would have been to search up some things that confused me in the instructions for better comprehension. For example, at first, I forgot what .toFixed(2) was, but after watching the screencast solution, I understood it was important to complete the assignment properly. </p>
<br>
<p>For more details about the WOD: <a href="https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html">WOD 6 - Invoice1 Instruction</a>
