---
type: essay
layout: essay
title: "E4: My Progress in Programming"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-11-23
published: true
labels:
  - MIS
  - E4
  - Assignment 1
---

<br>
<h1>My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:</h1>
<p>I was able to create and understand how servers work. Though I struggled with server.js, I was able to understand thanks to the help of Professor Port. I also improved on my researching skills for programming. When I do not understand, I now search on YouTube and look for W3 Schools articles instead of opening any/every page. I found that opening every page from Google makes programming very confusing.</p>

<h1>I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:</h1>
<p>I still need to work on understanding where things should be put. I faced simialr situations of not putting things in the right place throughout my project. When some functinos are put in the wrong places, the execution gets messed up.</p>

<h1>I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:</h1>
<p>For the more recent WODs, I had difficultly getting things done, but I was able to figure them out by searching things up and asking Professor Port about it. The screencasts still help, but I am able to get through without them.</p>

<h1>The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:</h1>
<p>Though I wish we were able to finish the labs in class, completing them (in general) has helped with my understanding of how things should be coded. For example, I understand how to use loops and functions. I also understand the concepts behind most of the exercises we go over in class. As for parts of the lab we were unable to finish and had to do as individual assignments, I realized I did not fully understand them once I had to work on Assignment 1. It would be great if we were able to finish the entire lab in class, or had screencasts explaining concepts we do not go over in class.</p>

<h1>I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:</h1>
<p>I learned a lot from my Assignment 1, as I was able to freely implement new thins such as a gallery scroll. As for Assignment 2, I think I understand what I need to do, but I am not very confident in completing it on my own. I plan to ask for help when needed.</p>

<h1>I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:</h1>
<ul>
  <li>Finishing the entire lab in class</li>
  <li>Having screencasts of the lab concepts - this is because sometimes we go over lab concepts (written questions/answers) too fast</li>
</ul>

<h1>What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):</h1>
<p>I think the one-on-one help was most helpful for me because I was able to ask questions without feeling anxious. I think the screencasts also help, because I can re-watch them when I need to. I think having more screencasts (optional to watch) would help with everyone's understandings, especially for things that need to be answered in the lab.</p>
