---
type: essay
layout: essay
title: "E5: Reflecting on Assignment 2"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-12-06
published: true
labels:
  - MIS
  - E5
  - Assignment 2
---

<br>
<h1>Brief Introduction:</h1>
<p>Assignment 2 is a project based off of the e-commerce store made in Assignment 1. In Assginment 2, I created a login and registration page that the customers would be directed to after clicking purchase. This is done to ensure safety and security. Here is the permlink to <a href='https://github.com/kaitlynt73/ITM352_F23_repo/tree/2339c4793d726a38550b2ae533dd699b8ce56e16/Tokunaga_Kaitlyn_Assignment2'>Assignment 2</a>
</p>
<br>
<p>Side note: I worked on this assignment alone.</p>

<br>
<h1>What did you learn from this assignment?</h1>
<p>From this assignemnt, I learned how to get query string and add them to the page that is supposed to be directed to. For example, after selecting products, the query string with the product quantities were attached to the next (login or registration) page. After customers login or register, the product quantites query would be sent to the invoice to print out the invoice. Without attaching the query string, the invoice would not show the products when the page is redirected to invoice.</p>

<br>
<h1>How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?</h1>
<p>I got help from ChatGPT when I needed a specific line of code. For example, when I wasn't sure how to validate the name textbox to only allow letters, I asked ChatGPT. For more difficult issues that I could not troubleshoot on my own or with online resources, I got help from Professor Port. I mainly needed help on attaching proper query strings as well as customizing the invoice by showing the customer's name and email.</p>

<br>
<h1>How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?</h1>
<p>Deploying Assignment #2 required for students to allow read and write properties for the user. Instead of just deploying the directory, I had to change the accessibility.</p>

<br>
<h1>Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging</h1>
<p>
  <ul>
    <li>A: 40%</li>
    <li>B: 35%</li>
    <li>C: 25%</li>
  </ul>
</p>

<br>
<h1>Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?</h1>
<p>For this project, creating validations and working on loops went well for me, because I've become a little more used to creating those codes. I struggled with the server.js query string. Coding for the query string to attach to certain links was very difficult because it was something foreign me.</p>

<br>
<h1>If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?</h1>
<p>I would not do anything differently because I would not have learned the things that I learned now without the experience I went through.</p>
